docs: add DUAL HelmRelease coverage to installation-configuration page (#3230)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/tutorials/continuous-deployment/helm-releases/automatic-updates-helmrelease.md

---

Flux can roll new chart versions for a HelmRelease without manual tag bumps. Two approaches:

1. **SemVer range on the `OCIRepository`** (recommended). Flux scans the OCI registry on its interval, picks the highest tag matching your range, and reconciles the HelmRelease. Nothing is committed back to Git: the chart selection is set by the `OCIRepository` resource alone.
2. **Image automation with Git commits.** Flux watches a registry for new tags, writes the selected tag back into your `ocirepository.yaml`, and commits the change. Adds an audit trail in Git at the cost of more moving parts.

The App CR equivalent of this guide is [Enable automatic updates in Apps]({{< relref "/tutorials/continuous-deployment/apps/automatic-updates-appcr" >}}).

## Pick up versions via OCIRepository range

Edit `ocirepository.yaml` and replace the `tag` field with a `semver` field that matches the versions you want Flux to pick up:

```yaml
apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1
kind: OCIRepository
metadata:
  name: my-app
  namespace: org-acmedev
spec:
  url: oci://gsoci.azurecr.io/charts/giantswarm/my-app
  ref:
    semver: ">=2.0.0 <3.0.0"   # was tag: "2.9.1"
  interval: 5m
```

> On each reconciliation interval (`5m` above), Flux fetches the tag list from the registry, picks the highest version satisfying the range, and updates the OCIRepository's status. The HelmRelease detects the chart revision change and reconciles a Helm upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each reconciliation interval (which is every five minutes in the example), Flux fetches the tag list from the registry, picks the highest version satisfying the range, and updates the OCIRepository's status. The HelmRelease detects the chart revision change and reconciles a Helm upgrade.
```
